Allow give the hasura cli version (#9)
tibotiber/hasura-action: README.md

          HASURA_ENDPOINT: ${{ secrets.HASURA_ENDPOINT }}
          HASURA_ADMIN_SECRET: ${{ secrets.HASURA_ADMIN_SECRET }}
          HASURA_WORKDIR: backend/hasura # replace this by your own path if needed

>           HASURA_WORKDIR: v1.3.3 # replace this by the version what you need

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          HASURA_ENGINE_VERSION: v1.3.3 # replace this by the version you need, remove to use stable
```

Author: Sorry for delay @tibotiber 😅

I changed README.md with your suggestion.

And if I tested it, YES! I'm even using it in production. 🤘
